README.md, before:

# tiva11forvue
An experimental project for evaluating Vue CLI3/TypeScript/PWA for mobile business applications (SAP B1)
## Motivation and Project Objectives
This is another episode in a series of evaluating a number of technologies, tools, toolchains, programming languages, frameworks. So far I had hands on experience on developing C#/Xamarin/Forms, native Java/Android both mobile/tablet and WearOS with Android Studio. Then I started with Flutter on a Mac, it was really brilliant, but because of its lack of support for WearOS and desktop, I (temporarily) stopped working on Flutter. Then, I started evaluating JavaScript/Web with React, Redux, Apollo GraphQL, Flow. I picked React because potentially it has the option to switch over to React Native. To my surprise, JavaScript is mature for business applications, but without a type system, it's pretty unusable for any maintainable projects; Design-1st is a must, too.
Flow integration with React is far from my expectations; the Material Design UI libraries for React are lacking, too. After learning Progressive Web Application (PWA) React Native is not really an interesting option any more. A Vue/TypeScript/PWA could be absolutely excellent. In the meantime Flutter 1.0 was announced, still it has the shortcomings. A TypeScript powered JavaScript toolchain would be perfect both for client (Vue/PWA) as well as for the server. TypeScript is directly supported in Firebase Functions, too.
So, when I watched [Vue & TypeScript Up and Running - Daniel Rosenwasser at VueConf.US](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDYS6FIXkAc)
[Vue CLI 3.0 Quick Look Now With TypeScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXZjyG87fjs) is to be watched fully.
Net Ninja really loves Vue, too; his [Vue CLI 3 Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9iCKx06qSncuvEPZ7x1UnKD) doesn't cover Type Script and PWA, but quite decent. 
[Vue CLI3 Tutorial #5 - Plugins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taLKQfoS87I&index=6&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9iCKx06qSncuvEPZ7x1UnKD) from this series shows how easy to use Vuetify as a plugin. This was the moment when I decided Vue must be the perfect tool for my projects: TypeScript, a decent UI framework, PWA all integrated into **Vue CLI 3**. 
He has a comprehensive tutorial on [Vuetify](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9g0MQZfHwKcuB0Yswgb3gA5) He as Shaun Pelling has an excellent course on Udemy: [Build Web Apps with Vue JS 2 & Firebase](https://www.udemy.com/build-web-apps-with-vuejs-firebase/). It is not TypeScript but uses quite recent version of Vue. SP is not really a professional developer, actually very few youtubers are, but absolutely an excellent instructor with a very good sense of picking the best tools for web development.
## Installation and Project Setup
See [Vue Installation](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/installation.html#CLI)
- npm install -g @vue/cli
- vue create tiva11forvue
- vue add vuetify


### Options Used when Project was Created and Vuetify Installed
For detailed instructions see [CLI 3](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#vue-create)

I had to set No to "Use class-style component syntax?" to avoid a [compilation error: Unable to resolve signature of class decorator when called as an expression](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-class-component/issues/294). So, I cannot use decorators until this error is not fixed.

```
Vue CLI v3.2.1
? Please pick a preset: Manually select features
? Check the features needed for your project: Babel, TS, PWA, Router, Vuex
? Use class-style component syntax? No
? Use Babel alongside TypeScript for auto-detected polyfills? Yes
? Use history mode for router? (Requires proper server setup for index fallback in production) Yes
? Where do you prefer placing config for Babel, PostCSS, ESLint, etc.? In dedicated config files
? Save this as a preset for future projects? No

Successfully installed plugin: vue-cli-plugin-vuetify
? Choose a preset: Default (recommended)
```
To avoid the "ERROR in C:/Users/nemet/tiva11/tiva11forvue/src/plugins/vuetify.ts 2:21 Could not find a declaration file for module vuetify/lib" I had to modify the tsconfig.json as suggested in [No typings for importing "A La Carte" components #3943](https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vuetify/issues/3943#issuecomment-442434245) 
```
  "include": [
    ...,
    "node_modules/vuetify/types", // add this one
  ],
  "exclude": [
    "node_modules/^(?!vuetify/types).*$" // change the default exclude rule to this
  ]
```

## Project NPM Script Commands
- npm install
- Compiles and hot-reloads for development: npm run serve
- Compiles and minifies for production: npm run build
- Run your tests: npm run test
- Lints and fixes files: npm run lint
- Run your unit tests: npm run test:unit

Commit message:

No Type Checking in Vue Templates (Project On Hold)

README.md, after:

# tiva11forvue (Project on Hold)
An experimental project for evaluating Vue CLI3/TypeScript/PWA for mobile business applications (SAP B1)
**Checkout the vuetifyninja branch**

## Motivation and Project Objectives
This is another episode in a series of evaluating a number of technologies, tools, toolchains, programming languages, frameworks. So far I had hands on experience on developing C#/Xamarin/Forms, native Java/Android both mobile/tablet and WearOS with Android Studio. Then I started with Flutter on a Mac, it was really brilliant, but because of its lack of support for WearOS and desktop, I (temporarily) stopped working on Flutter. Then, I started evaluating JavaScript/Web with React, Redux, Apollo GraphQL, Flow. I picked React because potentially it has the option to switch over to React Native. To my surprise, JavaScript is mature for business applications, but without a type system, it's pretty unusable for any maintainable projects; Design-1st is a must, too.
Flow integration with React is far from my expectations; the Material Design UI libraries for React are lacking, too. After learning Progressive Web Application (PWA) React Native is not really an interesting option any more. A Vue/TypeScript/PWA could be absolutely excellent. In the meantime Flutter 1.0 was announced, still it has the shortcomings. A TypeScript powered JavaScript toolchain would be perfect both for client (Vue/PWA) as well as for the server. TypeScript is directly supported in Firebase Functions, too.
So, when I watched [Vue & TypeScript Up and Running - Daniel Rosenwasser at VueConf.US](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDYS6FIXkAc)
[Vue CLI 3.0 Quick Look Now With TypeScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXZjyG87fjs) is to be watched fully.
Net Ninja really loves Vue, too; his [Vue CLI 3 Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9iCKx06qSncuvEPZ7x1UnKD) doesn't cover Type Script and PWA, but quite decent. 
[Vue CLI3 Tutorial #5 - Plugins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taLKQfoS87I&index=6&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9iCKx06qSncuvEPZ7x1UnKD) from this series shows how easy to use Vuetify as a plugin. This was the moment when I decided Vue must be the perfect tool for my projects: TypeScript, a decent UI framework, PWA all integrated into **Vue CLI 3**. 
He has a comprehensive tutorial on [Vuetify](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9g0MQZfHwKcuB0Yswgb3gA5) He as Shaun Pelling has an excellent course on Udemy: [Build Web Apps with Vue JS 2 & Firebase](https://www.udemy.com/build-web-apps-with-vuejs-firebase/). It is not TypeScript but uses quite recent version of Vue. SP is not really a professional developer, actually very few youtubers are, but absolutely an excellent instructor with a very good sense of picking the best tools for web development.
## Installation and Project Setup
See [Vue Installation](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/installation.html#CLI)
- npm install -g @vue/cli
- vue create tiva11forvue
- vue add vuetify


### Options Used when Project was Created and Vuetify Installed
For detailed instructions see [CLI 3](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#vue-create)

I had to set No to "Use class-style component syntax?" to avoid a [compilation error: Unable to resolve signature of class decorator when called as an expression](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-class-component/issues/294). So, I cannot use decorators until this error is not fixed.

```
Vue CLI v3.2.1
? Please pick a preset: Manually select features
? Check the features needed for your project: Babel, TS, PWA, Router, Vuex
? Use class-style component syntax? No
? Use Babel alongside TypeScript for auto-detected polyfills? Yes
? Use history mode for router? (Requires proper server setup for index fallback in production) Yes
? Where do you prefer placing config for Babel, PostCSS, ESLint, etc.? In dedicated config files
? Save this as a preset for future projects? No

Successfully installed plugin: vue-cli-plugin-vuetify
? Choose a preset: Default (recommended)
```
To avoid the "ERROR in C:/Users/nemet/tiva11/tiva11forvue/src/plugins/vuetify.ts 2:21 Could not find a declaration file for module vuetify/lib" I had to modify the tsconfig.json as suggested in [No typings for importing "A La Carte" components #3943](https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vuetify/issues/3943#issuecomment-442434245) 
```
  "include": [
    ...,
    "node_modules/vuetify/types", // add this one
  ],
  "exclude": [
    "node_modules/^(?!vuetify/types).*$" // change the default exclude rule to this
  ]
```

## Project NPM Script Commands
- npm install
- Compiles and hot-reloads for development: npm run serve
- Compiles and minifies for production: npm run build
- Run your tests: npm run test
- Lints and fixes files: npm run lint
- Run your unit tests: npm run test:unit
